CC-19157 Moved the core code from `oryx`. (#59)
spryker/oryx-for-zed: README.md

# Oryx for Zed

Spryker ZED frontend automation tool

> > Our documentation has moved. Please go to [our official Spryker documentation](https://documentation.spryker.com/front-end_developer_guide/zed/oryx/oryx-for-zed.htm).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tool [documentation](https://docs.spryker.com/docs/scos/dev/front-end-development/zed/oryx-for-zed.html).
```
